feat(examples): Migrate example bots to discordeno v19 (#3647)
discordeno/discordeno: examples/bigbot/README.md

Using docker will be the simplest and easiest way to start your bot.

### Using Docker

The docker compose file includes the discordeno bot and influxdb, this would create an environment more close to the production environment.

First, copy the .env.example file to .env, and fille the values, when values are pre-set they can be left to their default value, except the one specified below

> [!IMPORTANT]
> There are a few values in the `.env` where the value should be very specific, this is to make the docker containers communicate between them
>
> - `EVENT_HANDLER_HOST` should be set to `bot`
> - `REST_HOST` should be set to `rest`
> - `GATEWAY_HOST` should be set to `gateway`
> - Setup the message queue:
>   - `MESSAGEQUEUE_ENABLE` should be set to `true`
>   - `MESSAGEQUEUE_URL` should be set to `rabbitmq:5672`
>   - `MESSAGEQUEUE_USERNAME` should be set to `guest`
>   - `MESSAGEQUEUE_PASSWORD` should be set to `guest`
> - Set the value for influxDB:
>   - Copy `DOCKER_INFLUXDB_INIT_ORG` to `INFLUX_ORG`
>   - Copy `DOCKER_INFLUXDB_INIT_BUCKET` to `INFLUX_BUCKET`
>   - Copy `DOCKER_INFLUXDB_INIT_ADMIN_TOKEN` to `INFLUX_TOKEN`
>   - Set `INFLUX_URL` to `http://influxdb:8086`

> Then, run `docker compose build` to build/rebuild the bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting the aforementioned values, run `docker compose build` to build/rebuild the bot
```

> And, run `docker compose up -d` to start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, run `docker compose up -d` to start
```

Your bot should be running now.

> You can check the REST process fetch analytics (methods, status...) in influxdb's WebUI at http://localhost:8086 with the username and password in the .env file (`DOCKER_INFLUXDB_INIT_USERNAME` & `DOCKER_INFLUXDB_INIT_PASSWORD`). And the message queue's information (number of events ecc) in the RabbitMQ WebUI at http://localhost:15672 with username of `guest` and password of `guest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the REST process fetch analytics (methods, status...) in influxdb's WebUI at http://localhost:8086 with the username and password in the .env file (`DOCKER_INFLUXDB_INIT_USERNAME` and `DOCKER_INFLUXDB_INIT_PASSWORD`, respectively). You can also check the message queue's information (number of events, ...) in the RabbitMQ WebUI at http://localhost:15672 with the username `guest` and password `guest`.
```

### Using Node

> [!NOTE]
> This template has been tested with the following versions:
>
> - NodeJS: v18.20.3, v20.14.0 and v22.2.0
>   - Any NodeJS version between v18.20.3 and v22.2.0 should work, anything below v18 will not run correctly, anything above v22 should work
> - RabbitMQ: v3.12.14 with:
>   - Erlang: v26.2.5
>   - [RabbitMQ Message Deduplication Plugin](https://github.com/noxdafox/rabbitmq-message-deduplication): v0.6.2
> - InfluxDB: v2.7.6

You will need to start a few processes.

> The preset value of `EVENT_HANDLER_HOST`, `REST_HOST` and `GATEWAY_HOST` all use localhost, if you are using different servers you will need to change those values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preset value of `EVENT_HANDLER_HOST`, `REST_HOST`, and `GATEWAY_HOST` all use localhost. If you are using different servers you will need to change those values
```

#### Setup process

> If you want to use RabbitMQ and InfluxDB as well see below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Install the dependencies with yarn
- Build the code with `yarn build`

> After that, you can start your bot one by one with the following order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start different parts of your bot in the following order.
```

- Start the REST Proxy: `yarn start:rest`
- Start the Bot: `yarn start:bot`
- Start Gateway: `yarn start:gateway`

#### InfluxDB

> To enable InfluxDB you will need to set the `INFLUX_ORG`, `INFLUX_BUCKET`, `INFLUX_TOKEN` and `INFLUX_URL` variables in the `.env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable InfluxDB you will need to set the `INFLUX_ORG`, `INFLUX_BUCKET`, `INFLUX_TOKEN`, and `INFLUX_URL` variables in the `.env`. file
```

> For the `INFLUX_URL`, the preset value uses localhost, if your InfluxDB is not running on the same machine, change the url accordingly. You should not include any prefix, just `HOST:PORT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `INFLUX_URL`, the preset value uses localhost. If your InfluxDB is not running on the same machine, change the URL accordingly (do not include any protocol prefix, just `HOST:PORT`)
```

> If you do not set one of those values, InfluxDB will be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not set one of the values mentioned above, InfluxDB will be disabled.
```

#### RabbitMQ

> To enable RabbitMQ you will need to set `MESSAGEQUEUE_ENABLE` to `true` and set `MESSAGEQUEUE_URL`, `MESSAGEQUEUE_USERNAME` and `MESSAGEQUEUE_PASSWORD` variables in the `.env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable RabbitMQ you will need to set `MESSAGEQUEUE_ENABLE` to `true` and set `MESSAGEQUEUE_URL`, `MESSAGEQUEUE_USERNAME`, and `MESSAGEQUEUE_PASSWORD` variables in the `.env` file.
```

`MESSAGEQUEUE_USERNAME` and `MESSAGEQUEUE_PASSWORD` will both default to `guest` in a RabbitMQ instance unless changed.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The RabbitMQ must installed with the [RabbitMQ Message Deduplication Plugin](https://github.com/noxdafox/rabbitmq-message-deduplication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The [RabbitMQ Message Deduplication Plugin](https://github.com/noxdafox/rabbitmq-message-deduplication) must be installed
```

>

> > There are the plugin files (`.ez`) in the `rabbitmq/plugins/message-deduplication` folder, you can copy those into your `plugins` folder for the RabbitMQ installation folder or download them from the original repo, just make sure to download the correct version in this case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The plugin files (`.ez`) are in the `rabbitmq/plugins/message-deduplication` folder. You can copy those into your `plugins` folder for the RabbitMQ installation folder or download them from the original repo (make sure to download the correct version).
```
